[DOCS-1734] Add v0.73.1 patch release notes (#1601)
wandb/docs: content/en/ref/release-notes/releases/0.73.md

- In an upcoming release, we will align multi-run and single-run workspace views, so when you drill into a single run, you'll see the same layout and configuration of panels as you've configured for the multi-run view, including any custom charts, layouts, and settings. The goal is help you stay in context and avoid re-work around configuring your views. However, this will remove the ability to customize unique single-run views, isolated from the rest of the workspace. Reach out to your W&B team or [support](mailto:support@wandb.ai) for any questions about the migration.
- Over the next several releases, we will continue migrating existing team-level Model Registry to W&B Registry. For details and a reminder about the timeline, see the [W&B Registry GA announcement]({{< relref "#registry_ga_announcement" >}}) below.

## Known issues

> In v0.73.x, resizing or reordering workspace panels may not be reflected in saved views. If you experience this issue, contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.ai) for a workaround.

Author: ```suggestion
In v0.73.0, resizing or reordering workspace panels may not be reflected in saved views. This bug is fixed in v0.73.1. If you experience this issue, upgrade to v0.73.1, which includes the fix. If you can't upgrade, contact [support](mailto:support@wandb.ai) for a workaround.
```

- When you toggle runs on or off, W&B no longer reloads the media for other runs in the panel.
- Fixed a bug that could cause a report to crash when expanding or collapsing a section after pressing **Tab**.
- Fixed a bug on mobile displays where scrolling could cause logged videos to automatically play in full screen.

## Other changes

> - The custom grid layout has been removed from W&B Workspaces. Previously, custom grid layout allowed you to adjust the size of individual panels within a section. Now, resizing a panel in a workspace section resizes all panels in that section, whether you configure the workspace using the [W&B App]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/#manage-a-sections-panels" >}}) or the [Workspace API]({{< relref "ref/python/wandb_workspaces/workspaces.md#class-sectionlayoutsettings" >}}). Custom grid layout remains available in [W&B Reports]({{< relref "/guides/core/reports/_index.md" >}}) and the [Reports API]({{< relref "/ref/python/wandb_workspaces/reports.md" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
- The custom grid layout was removed from W&B Workspaces with Server release v0.73.0. Previously, custom grid layout allowed you to adjust the size of individual panels within a section. Now, resizing a panel in a workspace section resizes all panels in that section, whether you configure the workspace using the [W&B App]({{< relref "/guides/models/app/features/panels/#manage-a-sections-panels" >}}) or the [Workspace API]({{< relref "ref/python/wandb_workspaces/workspaces.md#class-sectionlayoutsettings" >}}). Custom grid layout remains available in [W&B Reports]({{< relref "/guides/core/reports/_index.md" >}}) and the [Reports API]({{< relref "/ref/python/wandb_workspaces/reports.md" >}}).
```
Noah's edit from #1605

## Patches

### v0.73.1
**September 10, 2025**

> - Fixed a bug in the Registry UI where paging through the list of registries could fail if an organization has hundreds of registries. <!-- https://github.com/wandb/core/pull/34183 -->

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug introduced in v0.73.0, where resizing or reordering workspace panels was not always reflected in saved views. <!-- https://github.com/wandb/core/pull/34281 -->
- Fixed a bug in the Registry UI where paging through the list of registries could fail if an organization has hundreds of registries. <!-- https://github.com/wandb/core/pull/34183 -->
```
